Improve CookieStoreManager.unsubscribe() (#29222)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/cookiestoremanager/unsubscribe/index.md

### Return value

> A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolves with {{jsxref("undefined")}} when the unsubscription completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolves with {{jsxref("undefined")}} when the service worker has been unsubscribed.
```

(I'm not sure "unsubscription" is a word)
